			xrandr-align
			============

Overview
========

The xrandr-align is a utility to keep the proper alignment between the
screen and an X input device. The utility works in both ways. First, it
can dynamically align an input device (touchscreen) to correspond the
varying orientation of the screen. Second, it can dynamically align
the screen to correspond the varying spacial orientation of the
display (handheld device). In addition it can list available input
devices and screen outputs.

The `monitor' command is used to dynamically apply the transformations
to a given input device listening to the events from the RandR
extension. In order to apply the current transformation to the input
device and exit use the `align' command, which is the default.

The `gravitate' command is used to dynamically rotate the screen in
accordance with the spacial orientation of the device listening to the
events from a given gravity sensor (accelerometer) as an input device.

Examples
========

Tested on the "Pegatron Lucid" Tablet PC with the following set of
commands:

  xrandr-align -v monitor --input="eGalax Inc. USB TouchController"

  xrandr-align -v gravitate --input="Pegatron Lucid Tablet Accelerometer"

The first process keeps the screen and its touchscreen part
aligned. The second process rotates the screen when the accelerometer
data suggests that the device was rotated.

Requirements
============

The program uses the X11 headers and particularly the XInput and
Xrandr headers. Based on the  xinput utility it supports the new
device types added in Xserver 1.4 (Xorg 7.3), the headers must be from
that version or newer.

The main requiremen for compilation process is a working ANSI C
compiler. However, the GNU Autotools and the `make' program would be a
good addition making the build process much easier.

Building and Installation
=========================

xrandr-align uses autotools so the usual pattern applies:

autoreconf -fi
./configure
make
make install
